Publicly condemn Israel’s actions, including the assault on civilians.
This is the first step to pressuring Israel to desist. Our words impact public sentiment and when we don’t actively speak out against the human rights abuses against Palestinians, we allow Canada to become a breeding ground for Islamophobia.
Call for an emergency debate in the House of Commons on the escalating violence in Palestine.
Canada cannot call itself a global humanitarian leader without upholding international law. The debate must be open to all options, including targeted sanctions, an arms embargo, and / or a targeted ban on trade.
Call for the immediate repeal of the Jerusalem District Court’s decision on the forced evictions
Call for the immediate repeal of the Jerusalem District Court’s decision on the forced evictions so that the families in Sheikh Jarrah can remain in their homes.
Call for sanctions to be imposed on Israel for operating an apartheid system.
This includes pausing the Canada-Israel Free Trade Agreement until Israel stops its violation of international law. Canada must exert its political influence to bring this to an end. Please forward this request to the Ministers of Foreign Affairs and International Trade.
Ask the Ministers of Transport and International Trade to block arms sales to Israel.
In 2020 alone, Canada exported almost $1 million worth of arms and ammunition to Israel. Just a few months ago, Canada signed a $36 million contract with Elbit Systems, Israel’s largest weapons company. We cannot trade with companies that produce weapons (including illegal weapons) that have led to the harm and murder of civilians. Please forward this request to the relevant Ministers I identified.
Commit immediate humanitarian aid to the residents of Palestine
Commit immediate humanitarian aid to the residents of Palestine to provide emergency health care, rebuild infrastructure, and access to basic needs like food, water, and shelter. This is the least Canada can do as a self-professed humanitarian leader.
Ask the Minister of Justice to investigate the recruitment for the Israeli military in Canada.
This is a clear breach of the Foreign Enlistment Act. Bring this as a discussion item to the House of Commons and forward this request to the Minister of Justice.
Call on the Canada Revenue Agency to investigate registered charities that are breaching regulations by supporting the Israeli military and apartheid.
I cannot accept that my money, as a taxpayer, is contributing to occupation. Please forward this request to the Ministers of National Revenue and Justice.
Support all United Nations resolutions that uphold Palestinian rights.
Last year, Canada lost its bid for a seat on the UN Security Council in large part due to diverging from world opinion on Palestinian rights.