I care about this because the commitment to safeguard human rights is one of the reasons I’m proud to be a Canadian.
As a Muslim and a Canadian, it is my duty to speak up against oppression and injustice.
Every day, I have been watching the events unfold in Palestine with a heavy heart and increasing horror. I look at my family and kids and can’t imagine standing by and doing nothing if they were being hurt the same way that Palestinian children are being persecuted, traumatized, and killed. As any compassionate human being would be, I am moved to take some kind of action.
I’m a social service provider and everyday I witness systemic oppression, here and abroad, hurt the people I serve. I cannot standby without doing my part.
I vote because I believe political participation is key to making a better world. That is also why I believe we all need to do our part to condemn Israel’s illegal dispossession of homes and murders of Palestinians.
I often remind myself that as a settler in Canada (Turtle Island), I need to do my part to condemn colonial acts when I see them. This includes occupation, apartheid, illegal forced disposession of homes, and ethnic cleansing.
Though I have voted for the Liberal Party of Canada, I cannot in good faith continue to support a party that will not speak out in support of innocent, occupied people. I cannot vote for a party that turns a blind eye, or worse, actively funds, a regime of apartheid. 
As someone who works with youth, I am shaken and appalled by the number of Palestinian children who have been murdered the past few weeks. I cannot sit idly by and accept Canada’s inaction, or worse, that my Canadian government partially funds these atrocities.
Gaza is overwhelmingly a population of children, 70% of whom are refugees. As a student and a child of immigrants, I am completely disheartened by Canada’s lack of support for the Palestinian population. 
As a Canadian taxpayer, I cannot accept that any portion of my earnings be used to support or fund the illegal military occupation of Palestine by the Israeli government. Not only is this in violation of international law, I do not find it is a productive use of taxpayer money.